.TH GLN_INDEX 1
.SH NAME
gln_index \- indexer for glean
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gln_index
.RB [ \-h ]
.RB [ \-V ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-a ]
.RB [ \-p ]
.RB [ \-c ]
.RB [ \-C ]
.RB [ \-s ]
.RB [ \-d " <db_dir>"]
.RB [ \-r " <index_root>"]
.RB [ \-w " <worker_count>"]
.RB [ \-f " <filter_file>"]
.SH DESCRIPTION
gln_index builds the index for glean. It reads all files in a directory
tree, then records which files contain which tokens.
.SS Options
.TP
.B \-h
print help information and exit.
.TP
.B \-V
print version and exit.
.TP
.B \-v
increase verbosity (can be used multiple times).
.TP
.B \-p
show progress and estimated time remaining while generating index.
.TP
.B \-c
make indexing case-sensitive (default: case-insensitive).
.TP
.B \-C
use a compressed token index. This saves space, but makes all queries a bit slower.
.TP
.B \-s
enable experimental stopword support; this reduces index size somewhat
by omitting very common words (e.g. "the") that probably have little semantic
influence. Stopwords are determined statistically (not from a fixed list).
.TP
.B \-d <db_dir>
sets where to store the .gln index subdirectly (default: ~).
.TP
.B \-r <index_root>
sets the base directory which should be indexed (default: ~).
.TP
.B \-w <worker_count>
sets the number of tokenizer processes to spawn (default: 8). Each worker can
take advantage of a separate CPU core, though using too many workers is
counterproductive - they will just fight over the same disk.
.TP
.B \-f <filter_file>
specifies the index/ignore configuration file for gln_filter. (See gln_filter(1).)
.SH EXIT STATUS
.BR gln_index
returns 0 on success or 1 on error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR glean (1),
.BR gln_filter (1),
.BR gln_tokens (1),
.BR gln (1).
.SH BUGS
Updating an existing index is not (yet) supported - it must be rebuilt from scratch.
Fortunately, this is reasonably fast.
.SH AUTHOR
Scott Vokes <vokes.s@gmail.com>
